fix: don't claim String.charCodeAt returns byte (#19600)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/array/map/index.md

### Using map generically

> This example shows how to use map on a {{jsxref("String")}} to get an array of numbers
> representing the UTF-16 characters' code units:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use map on a {{jsxref("String")}} to get an array of numbers representing the string's characters in UTF-16 code units:
```
